<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="templates/main_template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="html_head">
        <title>SOCIETIES</title>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="body">


        <div class="hr grid_12 clearfix"></div>
        <!-- Left Column -->
        <section id="left_col" class="grid_8">
            <div class="breadcrumbs"><a href="">Home</a> / <a href="">Page</a></div>
            <section>
                <h4 class="form_title">Terms of Use</h4>

                <div class="hr dotted clearfix"></div>
                <h2>SOCIETIES Terms and Conditions</h2>
                <p>In using the SOCIETIES system, you are accepting the following terms and conditions. Violating these terms and conditions could lead to serious consequences, especially the conditions relating to the accounts and data of other users.</p>
<p>1. I agree to the system recording my usage of it (i.e. my manual interactions with SOCIETIES software and devices, and sensor data derived from various devices in the vicinity of the Learning Zone), my location and any details I enter into it myself. I understand that this data will be analysed to help understand system performance and user requirements BUT that all data will be anonymised before any analyses are conducted.</p>
<p>2. I agree not to access or in any way tamper with the data of other users, SOCIETIES smartphones, or SOCIETIES accounts. In the case of the data of other users, this means not accessing it in any way other than that which the system permits in normal operation.</p>
<p>(For Heriot-Watt student users) 3. I agree not to use the technology and software provided in the user trial in any way that would contravene Heriot-Watt's requirements for student behaviour and their associated terms and conditions. See: http://www.hw.ac.uk/registry/discipline.htm.</p>
<p>4. I understand and agree to the information referred to in paragraph 1 being shared with other SOCIETIES consortium partners after being anonymised for the same purposes as specified in 1. (http://www.ict-societies.eu/partners/). No other parties will be given any access to such data.</p>
<p>5. I understand and agree that any personal information collected may be disclosed to other SOCIETIES users.</p>

                <div class="hr dotted clearfix"></div>
            </section>
        </section>
        <!-- Right Column / Sidebar -->
        <aside id="sidebar_right" class="grid_4">
            <div class="sidebar_top_BG"></div>
            <div class="hr dotted clearfix"></div>
            
            <section>
                <header>
                    <h3>Contact</h3>
                </header>
                <div class="hr dotted clearfix"></div>
                <ul class="contact_data">
                    <li>Contact us for further help at: societies@macs.hw.ac.uk</li>
                </ul>
                <ul class="contact_data">
                    <li>Link - <a href="http://www.macs.hw.ac.uk/puma/">PUMA Lab</a></li>
                    <li>Link - <a href="http://www.ict-societies.eu/">SOCIETIES Website</a></li>
                </ul>
            </section>
            <div class="hr dotted clearfix"></div>
            <div class="sidebar_bottom_BG"></div>
        </aside>
        <div class="hr grid_12 clearfix"></div>

    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
